This is a Ecommerce website to sell clothes.
There are many pages in it.
All pages are fully responsive for all devices.
The header and the footer section is common for all pages which is rendered dynamically using javascript.
The header section has two parts in the first row there is a logo of the website and then in the center
there is a search box and a search button and in the end there is a login button and a cart button which
are linked to their pages.
In the second row of the header section there are some links of other pages like all products , Men , Women
Kids , Contact Us link etc. which are linked to their pages.
In footer section there are some columns in which there are some links whick are redirected to their pages.
Home page ------
In home page there is a header section , footer section and the main content of the page.
There is a main image of the website on it there is a name of the wesite and a slogan related to it.
After the image section there is a fatured products section in which thee is a slider of products of the website.
Login Page ------------
I login page there is a for in which you have to entered e-mail and password.
On entering admin@admin.com as an e-mail and 123456 as password then there is an alert comes that Login successfull!
If not then an alert comes Incorrect username or password.
Cart Page ----------
In cart page there are two sections in first there are three columns the first one is the image of the product , 
In the second column there is name of the product , Price of it and a delete button.
In the third column there is buttons to add and subract the quantity of the products.
In second section there is the summary of the product and a checkout button.
Contact Us page ---------
In contact us page there are two section in the first section there is an image related to the website.
In the second section there is an  contact form in which you have to enter your email , your name and the message 
that you want to send.
Product pages ---------------
In all pages of products there is a grid in which there are many products with their details , price and 
add to cart button.

All pages are fully responsive.
There are some fonts which are imported by the google fonts.
There are some logos like cart logo , delete logo etc which are imported by font awesome website.
All buttons have an eye catchy hover effect.
All links are redirected to their pages.
